long cool night in the morning you pack
your things and continue climbing
Vasquez way less lame portion awaits us
were walking dead nature truly wild
nature will not tolerate fury in its
domain unless it is its own
high up on the mountain you see this a
lot of men approaching through the heavy
snow he bellows through the roaring ones
who danced trespassing the sacred brands
of a priestess hidden Raiders spring
down the mountain with the dexterity of
mountain goats things just happens
sometimes
I gotta use my bring those blades oh
they look sweet too well dirty but sweet
a sharp knife quickly applied under the
cover of night has long been the tool of
the pens and cripples
[Music]
killing people
yes all right thank you
I'm really looking forward to seeing
them to each other integration is like
it was a sweet fucking deal there fuck
the clash of steel rings out echoing
through the peaks of the mountain the
mountains answer with low ominous Rumble
as a wall of white brushes towards the
male light sweeping away everything
that's path bashing square a good job
excuse me sir
I also press triangle and a I press
triangle and X as well don't forget
those buttons and sometimes I'll even go
circle you seek shelter against the
bluff pressing close to the rock face as
the Avalanche roars overhead when the
trembling stops you're miraculously
unscathed
your assailants weapon jets from the
snow as you near you realize it is still
clutching his aunt his body buried to
the wrist by the Avalanche hmm I guess
I'll get him out you brave the cold and
free the Raider from his icy grave he
makes a moat every taste a moment to
catch his breath and says you saved me
well we had a means by blood take my
blessing and leave me sir
he blessed me and blessed you to each of
your dice during the dice gambit really
that's fucking sick that's a really good
blessing use the Empire to provide the
fodder for your own challenges I
understand you visit your contacts in
the Imperial armory you must be playing
for trouble if you come to me for help
he says with a knowing grin tell me who
are you hunting let's see what I can
find the vaults are contraband well I am
fighting northerners but I can't seem to
deal with that so just say thieves
you telling me you're any thieves not an
uncommon practice these days you Cohen's
heading to the vault
[Music]
we got in a lot of trouble if anyone
finds a letter - from the vault
I would sent to you when I can Oh take
it it looks dubious here a moment before
except from the gold and handing it over
the atom if anyone else you were never
here he says that quickly has on the
cold out of sight oh yeah how
appropriate I can't even use it I just
realized that needed thing in the cold
men become desperate women hold these
mountains together even through the
worst this is the same thing I got to
fend off Frost by now fuck for it was
again that he was again nice
all right so we got through the blizzard
just fine you can't fire here if you
want but we don't need to we're good
there's no way I'm gonna get enough fame
for that goddamn mercenary guard not
every temple is crumbled into the dust
more's the pity I could get it you know
what
camp wait oh hey another dude huh
there's like as though you're being
stalked a gentle northerner pilgrim
emerges from the darkness slumping down
beside you
mouth Freitas does ever bite he says
with a grin I love her harsh kiss and
bitter cold embrace another day's good
climb
okay so I was gonna say I could just
sell the thing I just got something
probably I gotta get enough fame for it
anyway I'll do it I'll just self it's a
waste of money I had 20 gold so I'll
only be getting I'm down for gold is
what I'm saying
it sucks what it is what it is
buying equipment though
[Music]
I lost a for not worth yeah no but I
need something I need something man all
right see I wanted to see if I could go
back to the one that I'm on already but
I can't so now the mountain itself
pushes you back
and go up the mountain
[Music]
which is I will tolerate they have at
least depth into the streams of power
that magicians call home as you send the
snow amount for
you happen upon a cottage with pungent
smoke wafting and Jimmy a frail old lady
sweeping snow off the bed path beckons
you to come in we've come in search of
the great High Priestess she deliver an
important message says Malek lips it
better go bearing blessings if you want
to get on the High Priestesses good
sight I'm fixing a batch right now if
you'd like a taste of cord it right this
time
he could take it to it she says sharing
the cauldron Malek lips plently the
clients I've been watching what I eat
but my companion here as an insatiable
appetite that's nudging you forward o
mine oh man much this sounds so good for
yes
so you guys brought a combat with two or
more Monster Cards to optionally discard
a basic monster but lose your companion
for three turns you take a sip dude for
is always the right choice man
just always pick for you take a sip of
the aromatic potion and feel a warm
fuzzy feeling flowing through your body
looks like Oh looks like my recipe is a
success
I'm sure High Priestess will appreciate
this one you think the old lady I'm
continued on Mount Freitas paying no
heed to the brewing blizzard you got it
won't pay heed a grand opportunity for
you to take whatever pleases you and go
about your day I will make a donation
yes happy to the idol last mortals to
all my fellow Mexicans may have all your
loved ones who you have last continue to
protect you I know my clumsy ass needs
all the protection I can get everything
that guys that was yesterday huh and my
dumb I could've sworn I was this C+ for
gold after every dice Kabat 15 health
for every gold gain car do you receive
oh wow that's amazing
if your max life is less than 150 you
may discard food gain and we're
equipment cards seriously plus my advice
get up to 20 gold at the beginning of a
new map and less than 20 gold lose the
speed of a wheel camera
I think that gold zealot sounds amazing
honestly yeah ambu yeah let's get let's
through the gold this 15 life every time
how I added absolutely with a nice touch
of notice the very lands and is no feet
you can slide away exactly ice its fill
it with surprises well they had a
favorite ball
whoa about the hand-feed life mance my
shoot I need to put some sleeves on this
[Music]
man combo for days man and he came out
of nowhere
[Music]
all about aggression if here are
problems be be aggressive where'd you go
Davida begins the first day will
we there the dead begins the first was
the day of the innocence for the
children who have passed the second day
is there the dance piece as oh I do not
know that Allah forgives every gambler
loses eventually even when the deck is
stacked in their favor
[Music]
lassy steel rings out okay here's the
Avalanche portion gotta try not to die
here dives are a constant reminder of
death holy shit that ice is so easy
as I'm sure you know and they are often
called bones for the material from which
they were crafted here however they may
also bring a touch of life I have two
things that give me more for my dice
rolls now that's amazing okay so now
it's gonna be the thing okay so I can
dig him out I wanna take him out so he
can get a blessing okay I took him out
you say me yep same thing as last time
he blesses me and combat boost like 275
and life drops below 25 and discard this
card Blizzard okay
it's a difficult Blizzard nonsense it's
okay we're just gonna pick four it's
fine just pick four were fine for god
fucking damnit wretched smell of fish
means stale sweat alerts you to the
presence of a bear rousing from
hibernation the ferocious beast bares
its teeth and swipe C with giant paws
you flee the camp having barely survived
the master savage attack luckily the
blows are past campanelle meets him
Ouisa Shawn does not yet nature itself
attempting to thwart you this son of a
bitch this time this time he's mine here
we go here we go
I don't even know how is that a market
one boo - fuck
[Music]
I fucking hate the marketing so much I
hate him so much
there's a great disdain
greetings fellow traveler a cheerful
fellow clad and brilliant yellow surco
passes you on the road one day let me
tell you your ad for its exquisite I
should know I almost wore that exact
thing today he pulls that ahead to
school I've been documenting every nook
and cranny of this beautiful land my
soul is shaking with delight at the
thought of shouting frontier Maori stirs
be breathtaking the old tree climbing be
non-lethal with an enthusiastic wave the
man shoulders is heavy rucksack and
continues his journey whistling all the
while yep the same thing there too okay
I mean he's very nice I was expecting a
little more it would have revealed the
entire map oh okay gotcha so it was
useless for that situation but um okay
that's pretty funny the mountain is
unforgiving you would not be the first
to die upon it sizzling
another brood which is I have a fondness
for them but I would not trust them
further up the mountain the blizzard
becomes so intense II barely seen that
tiny cottage engulfed in the snow
and old lady beckons you in it received
word from my sisters hope and have been
expecting you
I may not be as skilled as her but this
blessing potion I whipped up is my best
yet do you think it's good enough to
take to the high priestess she says
blowing the steam off of a simmering
bowl of thick liquid I really couldn't
say it's his mouth I'm suspending his
belly well I could fuck this up horribly
that was really that's really fast for
is never let me ask let me now but it
won't do it again but you take a sip of
the putrid potion in your stomach churn
I knew I should know substituted the
cloud berries from Borg berries
she says comforting you sure is the
righteous path' and you'll find
blessings on your way I'm sure
you step outside into the blistering
cold and into new about France alright
so for is let me down two times in a row
gamblers fallacy dictates that this will
let me down again
because usually gamblers fallacy by the
way is like oh man I've lost two coin
flips in a row
I got again at this time let's go that's
gamblers fallacy some people earlier
were mentioning gamblers fallacy in the
completely wrong context I guess I gotta
still campfire their classic salvation
are usually recess people and drive the
deal the Empire's requested anyway to my
blessings and flee I need to warm I
can't do it yet I'll come back ma'am
I'll come back matrons are hard to
eradicate the best of times we have our
ways of hiding from the light so this is
the second part of this this quest line
I guess you could say so the first one
was we ate the flower and then we didn't
we didn't have that time this time we're
at the underneath
following Mel eclipses cryptic
directions many of which involved the
borrowing farm animals you arrive at the
edge of a vast and lonely lake there you
uncover a cave entrance blocked by a
stone door we must seek out era of the
veil and the underneath the barred
extent explained as he followed a
frightened cow around the previous night
um why are you seeking her Malek lips
drops his wine bottle nervously and
forces aloud and hearty laugh completely
ignoring her question the bespectacled
ogre manning the door to the internet
doesn't look up from his book as he
approached ten food items per entry he
grunts lips capsule robbery if you're
trying to hustler sir I'll have you know
that I can shoot lightning from my
fingertips lorikeet precise times are
hard for us mal you'll see when you get
in there I can afford that
the ogre places is booked down and with
a mighty push the stunt door rolls open
a narrow tunnel takes you deep below the
earth opening into a vast limestone
cavern twinkling on the edge of an
underground lake lies a shimmering small
shantytown wait - a shimmering that's
stupid a small shantytown Red Lanterns
lining the quiet streets mal eclipse
leads on welcome to the end of a fork or
knife he's changed his voice is just all
over the place since that bothersome
Empire did he addict we've had to hide
away in their places like this this used
to be quite the hub of activity but now
he surveys the silent streets grimly I
guess the Empire's increasing its waters
a few majors I used suspiciously as they
passed by
um I have no money so that bruising
wouldn't make sense
how about we enter devil's ears to have
earned now eclipse Breeze in a heady
ascent of berry one smoking feathers yes
I hum away from him he pulls out his
looted leaves to serenade the pretty
bartender she tries her best to ignore
usury the bar
a group of burly ogres crowds a two
small table meanwhile a giant fleshy
eyeball floats Summerlee by the windows
[Music]
sweet the creature watches use the
approach with interest the smile breaks
down that non-flush of its base but he
carried a dense small one hey but you
can't add small one that's oddly sure it
is a slow circle and dance the creature
humming an old harvest song all the vile
after summit in to determine its amount
of time the dance ends the creature size
that took me back to my youth what are
you by the way also pick your sign is so
large and it's difficult to tell whether
it is looking at you or somewhere behind
you
the creature chuckles and the fleshy
tendrils under its and its underbelly
shake heartily okay you want to trade
this is an item that I kept from the
last boy all right
it regurgitates an item onto the floor
with a clatter OH
meet Bob what you offer in return
nothing can I just say no I have to oh
do you want you want this I need weapons
so
and inspector you coming yes this would
be a lovely addition to Mack Mack thank
you know my thoughts on priests and
their ill and needs Fame as well
shit that's awkward
alright well bye
how about the ogres
there was arguing jovially about
weddings they seem to be caught in some
kind of dice gambling game shit I wish
it and trade the ring and perfect what
are the rules he reaches for the rubies
does he and ever slaps another on the
back of fine no rooms just ruled the
toys the toys a bigger number all I
choose you weight an older ogre clears
his throat you might want to know sell
sort that we are playing for blessings
well yes I'll leave them beat you guys
to the floating guy trade can I trade it
back I said we gonna show dodge it was
all I could carry around today
oh I can't we can't do trade backsies
all right well that's okay I stopped one
blessing which gives me plus to trade it
again the option was slow well yeah I
just did a large soaker throws down
throws you the dice and pulls out a
shimmering and scroll containing the
blessing you're playing floor I'm Pam
okay divine intervention I know that
means roll 18 and this spelled scroll Oh
God the game is a very fair the ogre is
bristle one grips is club menacingly as
he rises to his height of two men you
are quickly reminded that you're dealing
with the ogres here I'll play fuck it I
don't really like this one
yeah I wouldn't use that Yogesh on slim
their fists on the table and cheerful
rhythm and while you prepare to roll the
bones okay well here we go team PUD fuck
[Music]
easy because we got that sweet blessing
with drink place aiding them thankfully
the ogres did not protest their loss
with violence so we kept this so we got
this back actually and after you after
all your rerolls in a dice gambit
re-roll your lowest dice ah that's sick
can i play again
a lot of Slugger throws either dice and
pulls you out as oh I could do it again
I hope you keep do it I'm gonna scam
these fuckers hell yeah
here a sacrifice do work on men easy a
win here sets the tone for your
challenge right so get that back and I
got reduce the speed of the wheel gambit
just wanna fucking go again let's
fucking go
oh dude hell yeah we're just fucking
scammers now go get the ring back I
can't the ring is gone
oh shit
it's okay I'll just reroll this one oh
but I rolled out again because of that
blessing come on come on three times in
a row they scammed me all right that
bullshit
[Music]
that's a bullshit that is some bullshit
I got scammed we're going it again
play the game
second wind yeah about that
let's fucking go I got scam dude all
right we got it okay
I got a achieving a lot called ice
master in see it though God
[Music]
it's for the exact okay score the exact
target value in a dice gambits you draw
three equipment cards that are discard
this card holy shit
it's amazing hell yeah dude
let's fucking throw down second I want
together
got it
[Music]
so worth it it's so fun
reviving companions to the beginning of
each new map I'd have to have that
anybody even die dude we're just getting
all the fucking buzzy this is all
fucking good dude oh I'll get my hero
sacrifice back here well uh Alice your
turn sounds lame it's all good
this is to earn dude we got the movement
for this got it again see stop all your
head why why stop all your head there's
no reason to
that's bullshit thinking prior to combat
would see one more Monster Cards
optionally okay yeah yeah we've had that
before
do you even have any other blessings to
do OK guardian angel let's fucking do
this dude because you'll lose and what
we'll lose one more fucking card why is
no reason to stop none
the no reason actually retry any chance
cards gambit I wouldn't have had that if
I stopped what is that it's a sparkling
sword thing would've had that if I stop
now would I chat you getting greedy
[Music]
really all those actually terrible okay
well maybe I should have stopped it's
okay though
we still got we only lost the car that
we don't even care about doesn't even
matter it doesn't even matter
honestly I think we can go one more I
think we can go one more house return I
don't even want that card though I don't
cares about that card nobody cares about
that card I could do one more than
anyone why what does this one do keep
them don't have any that I don't care
about this one I care about all right it
doesn't matter if we lose this one this
one's literally nobody cares about this
car
we got it see easy pretty much as long
as we have this and the other card that
we just won I don't care if I lose those
two cards those two cards mean nothing
to me they're literally useless cards to
me so why not why not you know why not
go until I don't have those two cards
that I don't like back to the bones I
hope you have learned to be their master
yeah something like that there we go see
see that what are we getting now if you
have a zero gold and zero food at the
beginning of a new map draw five game
cards holy shit that's very I mean it's
useless for me now but that's really
good okay I want to see what this card
does